README.md, before:

# tv-service
For WebOS 6. Maybe it works for earlier or later versions...?
## Setup tv
I'm not really sure if it's needed to do this, but it makes it easier to get the service started automatically.
- So start with https://rootmy.tv
- Enable the SSH server in the *Homebrew Channel*
- Set up your dev environment with the *ares-cli*: https://www.webosbrew.org/pages/configuring-sdk.html
- Then you can connect with your tv: 
```
ares-setup-device
```
## Install app and service
- Check out the code
- Update these fields:
```javascript
const host = 'YOUR MQTT BROKER HOST';
const port = '1883'; // OR THE POR OF THE BROKER
const username = 'YOUR MQTT USERNAME';
const password = 'YOUR MQTT PASSWORD';
```
- Run the following commands:
```shell
ares-package tv-app/ tv-service/
ares-install ./nl.slg.tv_0.0.1_all.ipk
```
THe service and app are now installed.
## Starting the service
Then you can start the service manually:
```
ares-shell -r "luna-send -n 1 -f luna://nl.slg.tv.service/start '{}'"
```

But you can also use a script to start the service automatically when starting the tv.

Copy the *start_tv_service*-file to */var/lib/webosbrew/init.d* and make it executable: 
```
chmod +x start_tv_service
```
After that, the service should start automatically.
## Using the service
In Home Assistant, add two new sensors:
```yaml
sensor:
  - platform: mqtt
    name: "LG TV PlayState"
    state_topic: "tv-service/playState"
  - platform: mqtt
    name: "LG TV AppId"
    state_topic: "tv-service/appId"
```
Now you can make an automation to listen to these states and turn lights on or off, or whatever you want to do...

# TODO
- Setup Home Assistant with a sensor, and document here
- Use the app to configure the service via the tv
- Send a screenshot/some color information to color lights when pausing

Commit message:

Recreated the service and app. Also added an actual GUI for the app, to get some information about the state of the service.

README.md, after:

# MQTT WebOS Service
For WebOS 6. Maybe it works for earlier or later versions...?
## Setup tv

There are two options:

### WebOS developer
You can use the default way, as a LG WebOS developer: https://webostv.developer.lge.com/develop/app-test/using-devmode-app/

### Rooted TV
Or you can root your tv, and get some additional options:
- So start with https://rootmy.tv
- Enable the SSH server in the *Homebrew Channel*
- Set up your dev environment with the *ares-cli*: https://www.webosbrew.org/pages/configuring-sdk.html

### Connect TV
- Then you can connect with your tv: 
```
ares-setup-device
```

## Install app and service
- Check out the code
- Update these fields:
```javascript
const host = 'YOUR MQTT BROKER HOST';
const port = '1883'; // OR THE POR OF THE BROKER
const username = 'YOUR MQTT USERNAME';
const password = 'YOUR MQTT PASSWORD';
```
- Run the following commands:
```shell
ares-package tv-app/ tv-service/
ares-install ./com.slg.tv_0.0.1_all.ipk
```
The service and app are now installed.

## Starting the service
The app is now installed on the home screen, and can be started from there.

If you've rooted your tv, you can also use a script to start the service automatically when starting the tv.

Copy the *start_tv_service*-file to */var/lib/webosbrew/init.d* and make it executable: 
```shell
chmod +x start_tv_service
```
After that, the service should start automatically.

## Using the service
In Home Assistant, add two new sensors:
```yaml
sensor:
  - platform: mqtt
    name: "LG TV PlayState"
    state_topic: "tv-service/playState"
  - platform: mqtt
    name: "LG TV AppId"
    state_topic: "tv-service/appId"
```
Now you can make an automation to listen to these states and turn lights on or off, or whatever you want to do...

# TODO
- Use the app to configure the service via the tv
- Send a screenshot/some color information to color lights when pausing
